Add new documentation about the test suite - Closes #1074, #1113, #1114, #1115 (#1110)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/genesis-block.adoc

= Generating a genesis block
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
// Settings
:toc: preamble
:idprefix:
:idseparator: -
// Project URLs
:url_default_modules: architecture/on-chain-architecture.adoc#sdk-default-modules
:url_genesis_block: architecture/index.adoc#genesis-block
:url_guides_setup: guides/app-development/setup.adoc
:url_guides_module: guides/app-development/module.adoc
:url_modules_dpos: dpos-module.adoc
:url_modules_token: token-module.adoc

How to generate a genesis block for a blockchain application.

.Prerequisites
[NOTE]
====
To use this guide, ensure the the following criteria below has been fulfilled:

* a basic blockchain application is already initiated, as explained in the guide xref:{url_guides_setup}[].
* a custom module `NftModule` is created, as explained in the previous guide xref:{url_guides_module}[].
====

Each blockchain application needs a xref:{url_genesis_block}[genesis block], which is the very first block of the blockchain.

> If a module includes an account schema, it is necessary to update the genesis block after registering the module with the application, to update the accounts in the genesis block with the new properties..

Author: typo

If then a new module is registered with the application, which includes an account schema, it will fail with an error similar to this:

----
$ ./bin/run start
Starting Lisk new_app at /Users/lisk/.lisk/new_app.
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Starting the app - new_app (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: If you experience any type of error, please open an issue on Lisk GitHub: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/issues (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Contribution guidelines can be found at Lisk-sdk: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Booting the application with Lisk Framework(0.1.0) (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Initializing controller (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Loading controller (module=lisk:app)
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Event * was subscribed but not registered to the bus yet. (module=lisk:app)
    TypeError: Cannot read property 'ownNFTs' of undefined
14:03:56 INFO lisk-framework: Application shutdown started (module=lisk:app)
{
 "errorCode": 2,
 "message": "process.exit"
}
----

> To get rid of this error, it is required to update the genesis block of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, it is required to update the genesis block of the application.
```

== Using the CLI to generate a new genesis block

The genesis block can be updated with the application CLI:

[source,bash]
----
./bin/run genesis-block:create --output  config/defaults
----

Then wait, until the new genesis block is generated.

----
Creating genesis block [===========         ] 55% 44.6s
----

After completion, the new genesis block will be copied to `config/default/`, where it automatically replaces the outdated genesis block.

Then copy the following content to `config/default/config.json`:

* copy the content of `forging_info.json` to under `forging.delegates`
* copy the content of `password.json` to under `forging.defaultPassword`

After the genesis block and config are updated, the application should start again successfully.

> Try it by running:

Author: ```suggestion
To start it, run the following command:
```

[source,bash]
----
./bin/run start
----

> For more information about the `create:genesis-block` command, run the help:

Author: in what way?

> For more information about the `create:genesis-block` command, run the help:

Reviewer 2: Line 86 says command is `create:genesis-block` whereas line 89 says command is `genesis-block:create`

----
$ ./bin/run genesis-block:create --help
Creates genesis block file.

USAGE

>   $ mft genesis-block:create

Reviewer: this doesn't look good, `mft`?
